Update splice.md (#2504)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/javascript-core/javascript-arrays/splice.md

Splice is a handy array function that allows you to add and remove items to an array.

> It accepts 3 arguments with the 2nd and 3rd being optional:

Reviewer: how does this sound?

```suggestion
It accepts three arguments, with **only the first being mandatory**:
```

- *Start* is the 0 based index of where to start manipulating the array
- *Delete* is how many items to remove at the *Start* position (can be 0)
- *Items to add*, separated by commas

> If *Delete* is omitted, splice will remove all elements from the specified *Start* to the end of the array. On the other hand, if its 0 or a negative number, it won't delete any elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the *Delete* argument is omitted, `splice` will remove all elements from the specified *Start* to the end of the array. On the other hand, if it's `0` or a negative number, it won't delete any elements.
```
